This is Estes' key fover. I'm campaigning for the presidency. Today I would like to talk
with you about corruption. We have been shocked and more than a little terrified by evidence
of corruption at many levels of government in Washington, in some states, and in some
cities. The situation must be cleaned up. Confidence in government must be fully restored.
This must be made completely honest again. As president, I would make this my first
order of business. Working together with the states and local governments and honest
citizens everywhere, we can put the racketeers, the influence peddlers, and the petty chislers
out of politics, out of government, and out of business altogether. We cannot face the
perils of the future unless we have absolute integrity in our government. And we are going
to have it. Thank you very much for listening.